Mail To :- Rituparna, Subhasish, Sid Singhal, Aman

Hey guys,
Some serious stuff to do. Enigma is dead. We need to take it to heights.
If you are seriously intersted, do share your views. 
(It is better to have 1 serious member than 100 crap people) 
I am sending this mail only to the ones who were present in the last meeting. 
And beleive these people to be serious and true members. If anyone else is interested, please feel free to join.

Website Link - enigmavssut.club
Expected Launch Date Of Website - 21/08/2017

Below is some information I need as soon as possible for the website.

1. About Us
	a. Competitive Coding (30-40 words)
	b. Open Source (30-40 words)
	c. Web & App Development (30-40 words)
	d. About Club (60-70 words)
	e. Timeline (when the club started, acheivements yearwise) (example - )
	f. Social Media Links
2. Notable Alumnis
	a. Think of a name for the alumnis, i.e, VSSUT alumni's are called vssutians. One for enigma pass-outs
	b. Alumni Contribution, Acheivements, Current Work
3. Blogs
	a. How enigma has helped us over the years? (example - How enigma helped keshow bhai to get 9LPA? )
	b. Real Stories of the notable alumnis (get in ouch if required)
	c. Alumni Contacts - LinkedIn, FB, twitter, Email ID, etc.
4. Works
	a. Works/Projects done by our club members in the field of "Competitive Coding", "Open Source" & "Web App Development"
	b. Links to their profile
5. Recognitions of the club
	a. Mozila Recognised, etc.
6. Photographs of club
7. Faculties supporting our club
8. Donations made by alumni network
9. Future Planned events

Inividuals Work Assignment based on the above:
1. Rituparna - All the write up stuff and monitor other's work (keep track of progress)
2. Subbhasish - Snapshots of Competitive Ranks, Future Planned Events, List of true members (senior), List of faculties, Donation details,Draft timetable for the club, Past Events
3. Sid Singhal - Enigma Alumni Information (Almost everything)
4. Aman -  Works/Projects done and their information, Recognitions of club(ask the seniors, if required), Pics, Our achievements, Design a couple of landing image for the website.
Contact the seniors if you need help in any of the above work.

If yu people want help from some others, or think there are some can contibute to our club; feel free to add them to this google group.
If you can, do think of something which can make this website better. And share your views.

It would be better if we will continue most of the discussion over the mail.So, that we can keep track of everything. Let's keep it official and open to all.

P.S. I am not the admin. Am just another member who took the intiative. But, we all need to act. Together.

Let's Rock!